Update JGit to the latest version (#33649)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/releases/upgrading/upgrading_version_8.adoc

Previously, these tasks were automatically added to the project for every build.
These tasks are now only added to a project when a rule-based plugin is applied (such as those provided by Gradle's support for building native software).

> === Potential breaking changes

Reviewer: Can you remove this extra section? We are not using `=== Potential breaking changes` for 9.0

> ==== Upgrade to Eclipse JGit 7.2.1

Reviewer: Can you move this to the `=== Toolchain, Language, and Compatibility Changes` section instead?

Author: I moved it to that section, noticing that you renamed it in
* https://github.com/gradle/gradle/pull/33745

PTAL again in time for RC1

> Eclipse JGit has been updated from 5.13.3 to https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/technology.jgit/releases/7.2.1[7.2.1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eclipse JGit has been updated from 5.13.3 to [7.2.1](https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/technology.jgit/releases/7.2.1).
```

Author: I accepted them, but had to revert them because of an error in `checkDeadInternalLinks`:

> ERROR: upgrading_version_8.adoc:736 Markdown-style links are not supported: [7.2.1](https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/technology.jgit/releases/7.2.1

> This includes reworking the way that Gradle configures JGit for SSH operations and adds support for using the SSH Agent based on the https://github.com/eclipse-jgit/jgit/blob/v7.2.1.202505142326-r/org.eclipse.jgit.ssh.apache.agent/README.md[support] provided by jGit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This update reworks how Gradle configures JGit for SSH operations and introduces support for using the SSH Agent, leveraging the new capabilities available in [JGit’s](https://github.com/eclipse-jgit/jgit/blob/v7.2.1.202505142326-r/org.eclipse.jgit.ssh.apache.agent/README.md) SSH agent integration.
```
